Clean up UI refresh (#1839)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/documentation.md

:::

> dbt's documentation website was built in a way that makes it easy to host on the web. The site itself is "static", meaning that you don't need any type of "dynamic" server to serve the docs. You can host your documentation in several ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt's documentation website was built to make it easy to host on the web. The site is "static,” meaning you don't need any "dynamic" servers to serve the docs. You can host your documentation in several ways:
```
